tpch: make it easier to load data and bench (#50)
pingcap/tidb-bench: tpch/README.md

> TPC-H Benchmark, specific for TiDB only

Reviewer: I think we'd better make it can be used by MySQL. In case that some people want to compare the TPC-H result between MySQL and TiDB.

Author: Add notes for TiDB only procedure

### Build `dbgen` tool

`cd dbgen && make`

If you are using macOS, please replace `#include<malloc.h>` in `varsub.c` and `bm_utils.c` to `#include<stdlib.c>`.

### Generate dataset

You can use the `gen.sh` in `dbgen` directory. The command `bash gen.sh lineitem 16` means that generate the data for table lineitem and split the data to 16 files. After finished, you can use `ls lineitem*` to see the generated files:

```
ls lineitem*
lineitem.tbl.1   lineitem.tbl.11  lineitem.tbl.13  lineitem.tbl.15  lineitem.tbl.2  lineitem.tbl.4  lineitem.tbl.6  lineitem.tbl.8
lineitem.tbl.10  lineitem.tbl.12  lineitem.tbl.14  lineitem.tbl.16  lineitem.tbl.3  lineitem.tbl.5  lineitem.tbl.7  lineitem.tbl.9
```

You can put them to a seperate directory like `data/tpch${tpch_scale}` if you want to test multiple TPC-H workload.

### Load data

Use the `load.sh` at the root directory to load data. Command `bash load.sh lineitem 16` means load data of lineitem which is separated into 16 files into TIDB

### Analyze Table and load stats into memory

Use `analyze.sh` to analyze all the tables. You can set `tidb_build_stats_concurrency` to a large value before analyzing tables.

> And since the statistics of columns are loaded by need. We need to load them first before the running the benchmark. You can run the sql in `load_stats.sql` to do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The column statistics of tables are cached by need in the TiDB server. In order to get a better execution plan and query latency, it's recommended to run the SQL in `load_stats.sql`  to load the needed column statistics into the TiDB server before running the TPC-H benchmark.

After executing the SQL, please wait for `x * stats-lease / analyze-concurrency` seconds to let TiDB finish loading column statistics into the memory.
```

> ***NOTE*** that if you're loading to MySQL, you don't need to run sql in the `load_stats.sql`.

Reviewer: ```
**NOTE:**
1. This operation should be done again before running the TPC-H benchmark if the TiDB server is restarted.
2. This operation is not needed if you are benchmarking MySQL.
```

Also ***NOTE*** that if the TiDB server is restarted. You need to run the `load_stats.sql` again before you run the benchmark.

### Set the system variables.

You can view at our docs repo to see the full description of TiDB's system variables.

> For testing, you can simply use `show variables like '%tidb%concurrency%'` to get the variables related with execution. You set these variables to the the number of you CPU cores.

Reviewer: please list all the variables which need to be set to a larger value.

### Build `dbgen` tool

`cd dbgen && make`

If you are using macOS, please replace `#include<malloc.h>` in `varsub.c` and `bm_utils.c` to `#include<stdlib.c>`.

### Generate dataset

You can use the `gen.sh` in `dbgen` directory. The command `./gen.sh lineitem 16` means that generate the data for table `lineitem` and split the data into 16 files. After finished, you can use `ls lineitem*` to see the generated files:

```
ls lineitem*
lineitem.tbl.1   lineitem.tbl.11  lineitem.tbl.13  lineitem.tbl.15  lineitem.tbl.2  lineitem.tbl.4  lineitem.tbl.6  lineitem.tbl.8
lineitem.tbl.10  lineitem.tbl.12  lineitem.tbl.14  lineitem.tbl.16  lineitem.tbl.3  lineitem.tbl.5  lineitem.tbl.7  lineitem.tbl.9
```

You can put them to a seperate directory like `data/tpch${tpch_scale}` if you want to test multiple TPC-H workload.

### Load data

Use the `load.sh` at the root directory to load data. Command `bash load.sh lineitem 16` means load data of lineitem which is separated into 16 files into TIDB

### Analyze Table and load stats into memory

Use `analyze.sh` to analyze all the tables. You can set `tidb_build_stats_concurrency` to a large value before analyzing tables.

> The column statistics of tables are cached by need in the TiDB server. In order to get a better execution plan and query latency, it's recommended to run the SQL in `load_stats.sql`  to load the needed column statistics into the TiDB server before running the TPC-H benchmark.

Reviewer 2: stats_load.sql?
